Okay.
So the next thing we're going to create is going to be a new getter.
Notice in our getters test file on the left that we have a getter for unique organizations as well as
unique job types.
And both of these getters exist in order to provide, in this case, a set of unique strengths for us
to iterate over in a component in order to render checkboxes for.
And we need to do something very similar for our unique degrees.
We need some kind of collection of degree strings that we can iterate over to render checkboxes for.
So as always, let's start with a test.
So on the right hand side here, I have my getters that test, that test file and we in here we can
start wiring up a sample test.
So how about below this?
Describe like four unique job types.
I'm going to describe my new getter, and it will predictably be called unique degrees.
And here for the description for the IT function, I can say it extracts unique degree values.
All right.
Now, this is going to be a little bit different compared to our previous implementations, because,
remember, for our organizations and our job types, we were iterating over our actual jobs that we
had.
And in this case, we don't need to do that because we already have a whole array of degrees.
And each of those degree objects, as a reminder, has an ID property and a degree property.
So if we can simply iterate over that collection of degrees and just get a degree property from each
one, we're going to have a unique list of the actual degrees themselves.
In fact, we're not even going to need to have a set here.
We can stick with something simple like an array, because we can assume that our degrees end point
will provide a unique set of degrees.
Or when I use the word set, I mean a unique collection of degrees.
In other words, let's create an array of degree objects here.
So I'm going to say con's degrees.
And before I populate this array, recall that we do have a create degree helper function and we can
import it directly from this utils file right here.
So what I'm going to do here is create.
Degree.
Simply import that function.
And now here in this array I can invoke that helper function and pass in whatever properties I want.
So once again, to communicate what this test is doing, I can specify that this degree will have a
degree property set to something like masters, and afterwards I can create another degree object in
the line below, and this one can have a degree value like bachelor's.
And then all I need to verify is that my getter is going to extract these two values in whatever data
structure I want.
As I mentioned, let's just do an array this time around to keep things a little bit different from
our previous implementations, which relied on a set.
So what I'm going to do here is I'm going to create my view store state.
We have our helper create state function and that also accepts a config and we do not have to provide
all the properties, only the ones we care about.
In this case, I care about the degrees property that does exist on our state, so that is totally valid
and we'll provide this array right here.
Then what I want to do, of course, is rely on my getter.
So I have my getters object imported and I'm going to assume my getter will exist at that point.
And I assume it's going to have the name of unique degrees.
And of course, every getter method accepts the View Store State as its first argument.
So here I'm going to pass in my existing state and I expect that that getter will return to me some
kind of data structure that's going to store all of my unique degree values.
All right.
So this is kind of the two D part where we can determine what we want to get back.
And previously, for example, here we had a set, etc., but in this case, we can already guarantee
uniqueness.
So in my mind, there's no need to use a set.
Let's just assume we're going to get a array and then we'll match our implementation to what the tests
expect.
So right here I'm going to sign this to a content called Result.
And I expect results on the next line to be an array.
And of course, that array should have all of my unique degree values, which of course are going to
be master's and bachelor's.
So right here I expect Masters to be my first one and bachelors to be my second one.
All right.
So with that, we can start wiring up the actual implementation.
Of course, all of our getter names, all of our general UX names start with a constant, which means
we're going to need to start in our Constance far right here.
And it is right here that we can add a new concept.
So let's export a concept called unique degrees.
This is going to be our eventual getter name, so I'm going to put that right here.
And that means in our letters file right here, I can include that constant right here.
So let's import unique degrees.
So we now have the constant imported and we can use it as the name of a getter.
So right here, I'm going to define my unique degrees getter method.
We're going to provide its body right here.
Of course, the very first parameter to every getter, Matthew.
Right.
Will be the store state as it currently is.
And that will be the type global state, which is an interface we defined earlier.
And so here it is our responsibility in this unique, degrees getter method to get an array like this
from our existing state.
Luckily, it's going to be pretty simple because we already have an array of degrees.
So once again, if I simply go to my state that's filed to remind you we have a degrees array and that
degrees array is of type degree object.
And every degree object, of course, has an ID and a degree property.
So what I'm going to do here is I'm going to return the first thing I'm going to do is take my view
extra state and on and I have my degrees property.
That's going to give me an array of degree degree objects.
And from an array of degree objects, I want an array of strings.
So whenever you have an array and you want a new array of the exact same ones, you can call the map
method and that expects a function.
And so we're going to be iterating over every single degree object.
And then what we want from every degree object is its degree property right here.
So the degree object were iterating over which has these two properties, idea and degree.
I want to access the exact degree property.
I understand it's a little bit confusing because both the object right here is of type degree this thing,
but the individual property itself is also called degree.
So in this case, we're going to do degree dot degree, although this first one is up to you depending
on what the parameter name is.
You'll also notice because TypeScript knows we're iterating over an array of degrees, it can figure
out right here that the degree parameter is of type degree.
It's this thing right here.
So we do not need to provide an explicit annotation because TypeScript already knows and thus it can
validate that degree exist on that.
So for example, if I tried to access a property that did not exist like degrees, you can see it's
going to say, hey, property degrees does not exist on your type or your interface called degree.
And then it's going to make a recommendation for the actual property it thinks we meant, which in this
case is correct.
So I'm going to change this to degree, much simpler implementation that does not require us to create
a new set.
And now if I'm if I allow my test to run, we'll see that everything passes.
All right.
So making a lot of progress.
We now have a new slice of state.
We now have a mutation to overwrite that state.
We have an action to trigger the API request and then commit the mutation to override the state.
And once that all populates, we now have a getter to talk to that degrees array in our view, extra
state and get me an array of strings.
So on the view side of things, we're basically close to done.
The next thing we're going to need to transition to is, of course, rendering checkboxes for all of
these unique degrees strings.
All right.
So we'll start on that in the very next lesson.